(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
Seo Ji An.
(Episode 10)
Are you brave or stupid?
You can't even walk out the gate...
because you don't know how to unlock security,
but why don't you think the wall will be the same?
I didn't know there's an alarm on the wall.
Then why do you think that's up there?
Average people don't have them at their houses.
They don't have anything to steal or protect.
Your hidden temper is coming back out.
- Stop it. - Stop what?
I know how much you hate and despise me,
find me ridiculous and annoying,
and you think of me as a rat or beggar,
but don't be sarcastic at least today.
If you're going to see your boyfriend, go back,
but if you want a drink, follow me.
- Pardon? - I unlocked the security.
Follow me.
Why are you doing this? Leave me alone.
What if our parents find that you went out alone?
I don't even want to imagine it.
I'm giving you an alibi.
An alibi?
Why... Why would you?
Here.
Oh, it's Ji Soo.
Where... Where did you find this?
Isn't that why you're climbing over the wall...
at such a late hour?
Forget about the other stuff.
You can't bring back what went into the trash can...
due to Mother's order.
Did you...
take this out from the trash?
I can buy you a better one for everything else,
but that seemed different.
I thought it means a lot...
to you.
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
Why would you do that?
Give it to me. You said...
you'll let me do whatever I want to do.
You didn't even clean it.
There is a difference in the details.
Details. Details.
It'll take more than 10 years to teach you.
Slow down.
I won't tolerate drinking habits.
First, I now know that you were serious...
when you said you repent.
Second, I know you're trying your best.
Even though you made more mistakes than you tried.
Anyway, third, I looked back...
at the prejudice or misunderstanding I had.
Fourth, so I should accept you as my sister.
I didn't want my sister to be discouraged in any way.
You don't trust me, do you?
Don't show your feelings.
Maintain your dignity.
How did you know...
you have a prejudice or misunderstanding...
towards me?
How dare she ask to be called as Seo Ji An?
How dare she say that?
Where does she think she is?
That's why you threw out all her stuff.
Mr. Yang said she's picking up pretty fast.
She refunded all the gifts for her other family.
I thought she was adjusting.
She refunded the gifts?
That didn't mean she's adjusting here,
but she was going against me.
I'm sure that's not true.
Anyway, we need to control her from now on...
Honey.
You're home, Father.
It seemed you were having an important conversation.
General Manager Min didn't say you were home.
It's already past midnight.
I'll go now. Goodnight.
You got the necklace back from Seo Hyun.
You refunded the gifts for your old family.
And you endured even though I was mean to you.
You said you're sorry and accepted my complaints.
You really meant it when you said sorry.
Shouldn't I trust you too?
I see.
Pay back 20,000 dollars to Mother.
Only then would you be confident again.
You knew it was from Mother?
I found out later.
Nothing's free in this world.
No matter how small the prejudice is,
it might cause a big discrepancy in the future.
I don't know what I should...
tell Mom if I were to return the money.
I told her that I had debts.
You're right.
Can I tell her about the car accident?
No, no.
It was lucky it was you.
She'll say my generous actions were for nothing.
When she finds out I was involved in this,
I'll be in trouble for not behaving more carefully.
Then what do I do with the 20,000 dollars?
Well...
You really don't have any debts?
I have a student loan to pay back.
Then use the money to pay that back.
But I will still have money left after that.
Really? If you have money left,
then you should use it.
Are you...
making me lie?
That's demeaning my dignity.
What?
No, this is all for your sake.
Think about your behavior...
and actions during this incident.
Remind yourself...
about how headstrong and stubborn you were.
When she hears what happened because of that,
I bet Mom will triple your training.
You won't be able to catch your breath even.
Fine.
There must be a price for making a deal.
In exchange of your silence,
tell me just one thing that you want from me.
Honey, are you not going to sleep?
Go ahead, and sleep first.
What's gotten into you now?
I only told you to sleep before me.
You're angry because I was harsh on Eun Seok.
She spent too much time with that poor family.
When we first met,
you saw how she ate before her elders.
I must be harsh to fix the root of the problem.
I must be strict with her.
But that's not Eun Seok's fault.
It's not her fault...
that she's struggling to adjust into our family.
Do you have the right to scold her like that?
Eun Seok is my daughter too.
I knew you would think this way.
You blamed me for all your life.
You blamed me and hated me...
for losing our daughter.
But you couldn't leave me despite your hatred.
My daughter became inadequate because of me.
I'm going to present her...
as the eldest daughter of Haesung...
like she has always been from her birth,
and no one will even think about our lost 25 years.
Mark my words.
You're conflicted to give up your old family or not.
Don't let that consume you,
but take a step back...
and think about your feelings.
And then make your decision.
Think about from whom you'll benefit.
I didn't choose to be conflicted,
but became conflicted.
No.
You choose to be so.
Do you know why?
Most people...
are conflicted even if they know the answer.
"Is this better?" "Or will that be better?"
"Should I do this or that?"
That's not being conflicted. It's greed.
I'm sure you might want...
a part of something you must dispose of.
Even if you know that you can't have it all.
But it seems my sister isn't polite at all.
- Sorry? - Look.
Look here. You got your precious belonging back.
I see.
Thank you for finding this for me.
Let me know when you can't handle it anymore.
But you can't whine.
Tell me when it's really hard.
Address me as your brother...
when you're ready.
Until then, I'll let you skip the title.
I thought I was going to lose everyone else.
He should've told me if he put them in my room.
I gave you back your memories...
because memories are precious.
I'm sorry, Mom and Dad.
I'm sorry, Ji Tae.
I'm sorry, Ji Soo.
I'm sorry, Ji Ho.
I'll...
get used to this family first...
as a good daughter of my new parents.
After that, I'll place you on the table again.
Mom, what happened to me yesterday?
Drink this.
That's what I want to ask you.
What on earth happened? Ji An brought you home.
Ji An brought me home?
No way, Mom.
She told me that you and she talked on the phone.
What?
There's no way I would have talked to her.
Who is this?
Ji Soo. What... What happened to your voice?
Ji An.
Oh, that...
I only answered the call because she called me.
I didn't call her.
Besides, she didn't change her number on purpose.
Hello?
Hold on.
Are you feeling okay?
Can you go to work?
What did I tell you yesterday?
You acted like a robot when you met Mr. Sun.
Don't do that.
When he said not to say anything,
he didn't mean you shouldn't even say hi.
Then what does he mean?
He meant you shouldn't...
confess your love, spy on him,
or show him that you like him.
So don't be lame.
Treat him like nothing happened.
How can I do that?
How can I not look lame? What should I do?
Okay.
I see.
I got it.
Got it.
Yes. Okay.
What just happened?
Why did I just say that?
This is ridiculous.
Gosh, why did she call me when I was drunk?
We ended up reconciling just like she wanted.
Goodness, Ji An.
This is refreshing.
(Hae Ja)
Hi, Hae Ja.
Mi Jung. I heard Tae Soo is back.
How did you know he's back?
My husband told me that Tae Soo is in Seoul.
He wants to have dinner with you two tonight.
Tonight?
Tell her we'll go.
(Exported products from Vietnam)
Mr. Jang.
What has happened to me?
I never rested a day since I got married.
I ran and kept on running.
It turns out...
that I'm the most useless father in this world.
Goodness, Tae Soo.
I've never seen you like this.
Was your pride hurt when Ji An left...
for her family as soon as she found out?
That's why you're thinking of running a business?
My pride?
Not everyone can keep their pride.
I can't even take care of my own children.
I don't have any pride for myself.
You said you're thinking about closing down...
the factory to switch to importing goods, right?
If I can think of a good item,
I can join you, right?
Of course, you can.
But right now, there's a lot of competition...
for shoes and clothes from Vietnam.
We need a turning point in this industry.
Okay. Then I'll look into that.
An item that will change the industry.
You sound so determined.
I'm trying to make things right.
I want to make things right for my life.
Hey, you haven't done anything wrong.
No, I have.
I've had my share of wrongdoings.
I shouldn't have let it get to me.
But I got tired too early.
I should've overcome the fear.
Instead, I stopped.
After all, I am the breadwinner.
My wife and children wanted to rely on me.
But I asked them to cut me some slack.
That's why I lost their trust.
So it's all my fault.
Yes. Keep looking.
I still trust you.
Hello, Mr. Sun.
Good morning.
Hello, Mr. Sun. Good morning.
Good morning. Good morning.
When you used to work at the flower shop,
you used to greet your customers, right?
Greet him like that.
Think of him not as Mr. Sun...
but as a customer.
He is not Mr. Sun.
All right.
Hello.
Well, goodbye.
What's wrong with her?
She must've liked you a lot.
I don't care how much she liked me.
She's so mad at me for not liking her.
Do you think she's mad at you?
How else can you explain her behavior?
She's embarrassed.
In that case, I like her even less.
I hate people who can't even control...
their own feelings.
You weren't like that when you were younger.
I mean, you're not bad now,
but sometimes, you are too coldhearted.
It's because you didn't know me growing up.
It's like how I never got to see you grow up.
Right.
I am sorry.
"To love is not having to say you're sorry."
- What? - Your favorite movie.
Was it the day before your wedding?
You made me watch it and cried your heart out.
Your eyes got all swollen from crying,
and Mom scolded you for it, didn't she?
Did I do that? I don't remember.
What? What did you say?
What did you just tell me to do?
Can't you deliver the bread to the cafe?
No. I don't want to.
I... I...
I am the owner.
- Since I am the owner... - No.
I will do it. I am sorry.
I am so stupid that...
I become even more foolish in front of Mr. Sun.
And I get embarrassed. That's all.
I cancel what I said. I am sorry.
Gosh.
Father.
It's so nice to see you.
You're back, Grandfather.
Everyone is here.
How could we miss it? It's been half a year.
Let's hurry home.
Jin Hee,
I told you to stop going ahead of yourself.
What?
Drop her at Yangpyeong, and buy her dinner.
Let's go. I need to go see Eun Seok.
Father,
it's been a long time. We should eat together.
We want to meet Eun Seok too.
Some other time.
Let's go.
What's wrong with Father?
He just wants us to take care of his mistress.
But she's not his mistress.
Our mother is not here.
Straighten your face, and let's go.
Father, why did you tell Jin Hee to leave?
I need to see her first.
That would be better for you.
Jin Hee and Myung Soo must feel bad.
Eun Seok needs to meet them anyway.
You must've had a fight with Myung Hee.
Pardon me?
That's not it, Grandfather.
They've been getting along well since Eun Seok came.
Is this her?
Yes.
She's Eun Seok, Father.
I am sorry I didn't greet you at the airport.
I'm Eun Seok.
Oh, dear.
It must've been tough being away from us.
Good job.
Don't mention it.
What should I do every day?
She's going to wear out that shelf.
Ji Soo.
- Yes? - Come, and knead this.
Knead the dough?
Yes. I have an errand to run.
Really? Do you mean it?
Wash your hands cleanly,
and make sure to dry your hands. Okay?
Don't stop kneading until I get back.
Okay. Okay. Okay.
Yes!
Here. I'll pour you a drink.
Now, let's drink.
Nobody else here likes makgeolli.
Bottoms up for the first glass.
Now, I will give you some food to wash it down.
Take this.
Father.
The skate is well fermented.
Is it?
Let's see.
Yes. That's right.
It is well fermented indeed.
She's surely got our blood.
I finally got a grandchild who's got my taste, right?
What did he put in the water?
It's got a unique smell,
but I don't know what it is.
I promised that I wouldn't smell the dough.
I arranged her to be hired as a regular employee...
to the Marketing Team.
No.
What do you mean, no?
You confirmed it.
We need something with more impact...
for the storytelling. And it's not enough.
Mr. Choi.
Yes, sir.
Appoint Do Kyung...
as Vice Chairman of Haesung Apparel.
What?
Eun Seok works at the Marketing Team,
and Do Kyung becomes the vice chairman.
And he spots a talented employee.
She needs to do something significant.
The ambitious and young vice chairman...
who is trying to raise Haesung Apparel...
will invite a few talented employees...
to have dinner with him.
As they all drink together,
he would be friendly to the employees...
and ask about their family background.
And something comes up.
An employee named Seo Ji An...
tells him about a memory she faintly remembers.
She says she was once locked in a bird cage.
Hearing that story, Do Kyung gets surprised.
He was the one who locked her in there.
How could I lock my sister in a bird cage?
You must remember it.
Yes. That bird cage is still in our front yard.
I had completely forgotten about it.
Father beat me up for the first time.
I don't remember it.
Did Father hit you?
He locked Eun Seok in the bird cage...
and fed her popping candies as the feed.
You mean the candies that pop in your mouth?
He would think, "I did it,"
"but she remembers it."
He thinks that she might be...
his sister that went missing.
So he looks into her, and it turns out...
that her parents are not her biological parents.
The company's foundation day is in December.
So around mid-November,
destiny will lead you...
to find your long-lost sister.
That way, we will be able to get away...
from the media trying to find out how we found her.
When one side is so dramatic,
the other side gets no attention.
Regarding how we lost her and found her,
whatever we say will be accepted as the truth.
Until it happens in November,
we will have enough time to train Eun Seok.
Then will Do Kyung already become the vice chairman?
Are you making sure that everyone is kept quiet?
Give them however much they ask for.
We are doing that.
Don't let it affect Do Kyung's marriage.
Eun Seok...
shouldn't do any harm to his career.
We will make sure of it.
What's wrong with the quality of this air?
We checked the circulation system...
and eliminated the ultra fine particles.
We have even tested it.
I need to go to Yangpyeong.
Nobody can measure up to Father.
Now, the story sounds much believable.
Since it happened within our family,
nobody will doubt it or look into it.
How did he come up with that idea?
You're far from it.
You have a long way to catch up with him.
What do you mean?
We both know that...
this isn't just for storytelling.
He is not making Do Kyung the vice chairman...
just to introduce Eun Seok dramatically.
Honey.
We've been expecting it, so it's fine.
But I don't like the fact that he's using...
my precious daughter for this.
It's catching 2 birds with 1 stone.
Why would you make him sound bad?
Who's catching 2 birds with 1 stone?
Who is responsible for losing Eun Seok?
How poor was the family Eun Seok grew up in?
How much did she struggle to get a decent job?
That story will get rid of those gossips,
and that's why I think it's a win-win.
But who else would benefit from this?
I chose the wrong words.
He's using Eun Seok as an excuse...
to make Do Kyung his successor.
For you and your father,
this would be killing 2 birds with 1 stone.
Let's not get ahead of ourselves.
I admitted to my wrongful choice of words.
And Father never said anything concrete.
Congratulations on your promotion.
It's not something to congratulate.
It may be the beginning of the successor test.
Successor test?
Don't be ridiculous.
I am just informing her about our family.
Grandfather never says to anyone...
whom he's going to choose as his successor.
It could be Father, Uncle Myung Soo,
or Aunt Jin Hee's son.
Now, there's a possibility of it being him.
That's how it is.
I see.
You did well today.
You were quite good.
Eating skate against her will?
I didn't eat it against my will.
I do enjoy skate and makgeolli.
Your taste is very unusual.
I don't like them that much.
I like spicy foods.
Right. Let's do that tomorrow.
What is it?
I'm talking to Eun Seok.
What are you doing with her tomorrow?
It's a secret.
You should choose the time and place.
What's going on?
Did he become close with her too?
Okay.
What are you doing, Ji Ho?
Mom, my nose is bleeding.
Oh, dear.
- What should I do, Mom? - My goodness.
Raise your head.
- It won't stop. - Why is it bleeding?
Why is your nose bleeding? My goodness.
Lie down.
You had never bled from your nose before.
You never even caught a cold before.
How could this happen?
I don't know.
I've been feeling dizzy for a few days.
Dizzy? Could it be anemia?
No.
It's the lack of sleep.
So don't worry about me.
You should go, Mom.
I'm supposed to meet Hae Ja.
Don't worry. I'll be fine after sleeping.
Right.
Here's my report card.
Goodness.
Your grades improved a lot. Gosh.
Of course. I tried hard fabricating...
I studied hard.
Gosh, I am late.
Where is Ji Ho?
He's going to sleep.
By the way, I should buy some...
Did you buy something?
I bought some fruits.
You didn't have to bring all this.
Seok Doo likes peaches.
Mi Jung,
he hurt his hand.
You should've carried it. It's heavy.
My right hand is fine.
What is this?
Goodness.
It's conch bread and butter bread.
Why did you buy such old-fashioned ones?
I can't believe you still remember this.
No matter how delicious foods are,
they don't measure up to your old favorites.
That's right.
I've been loving these since middle school.
I am hungry.
Stop making a fuss, and go fix the meal.
It's already done.
Thank you.
Hey, why do you yell at your wife?
You must feel sad...
now that Ji An's left.
Why would you ask that?
Is there nothing better to say?
I just want to comfort them.
Comfort them?
Just ask what you are curious about.
Wives are ridiculous. They disguise...
curiosity with concern.
They're so good at feeding their curiosity.
What did Ji An say?
Is she happy to have left?
What will they do to you?
You raised her without reporting to the police.
Are they not going to punish you?
Hae Ja.
You told me to ask questions.
Why do you keep shouting at her?
It's only natural that she's curious.
Right, Tae Soo?
It's only natural, isn't it?
It is. It is natural that you're curious,
but hear it from her later.
It's not something to discuss here.
All right. I am sorry, Tae Soo.
The meat is burning.
My goodness.
It's Korean beef, so it should be cooked slightly.
Let me do it.
Don't worry about it. Our guests shouldn't cook.
I am in charge of grilling meat at home.
I am good at it.
How is it possible?
You've been friends for 35 years,
but you two are so different.
It's all your fault.
I thought he'd be like you, so I married him.
Okay. I'm sorry.
But still, he makes good money.
I don't need that money.
I just want to live with a man like you.
It doesn't matter if he has money or not.
He always cares about Mi Jung.
She always comes first, and his kids come next.
And he comes last.
I've never seen Tae Soo...
coming home late without calling his wife.
And he never complains about the food.
Even today,
he remembered what I liked and bought it for me.
Hae Ja, you don't know him. You can't say that.
Your husband would be upset.
Mi Jung, I'm not upset at all.
I feel the same way.
I just married her because she was...
Tae Soo's old friend. I didn't like her that much.
How could you say that?
You are embarrassing her.
Mi Jung.
I've changed a lot, right?
My life is parted into two episodes.
Before I got cancer and after I survived from it.
When you were diagnosed with stage three cancer,
she took good care of you.
You should be nice to her.
Mi Jung.
Please don't give Tae Soo a hard time.
Do you want him to go through what I did?
Tae Soo.
What is he talking about?
Hey, stop your nonsense.
Mi Jung.
Do you know why Tae Soo wants to start a business?
Start a business?
He has no money to start a business.
I don't need money for that.
I'll just be in charge of exports from here.
And Seok Doo will import the goods in Vietnam.
Now that Ji An is gone,
he must've been worried about the other children.
Tae Soo told me something when I met him in Daejeon.
Now that Ji An's gone, he'd get back on his feet.
Seok Doo, stop talking that nonsense.
Ji An just left...
as soon as she found it out.
I knew it would be very hard for you.
I liked it though.
There was a sudden liveliness in his face.
It felt like the young Seo Tae Soo was back.
(Speech Technic)
This is the HR department of Haesung Apparel.
We'd like to offer you a permanent position...
in the Marketing Team of Haesung Apparel.
You'll be working as a regular employee...
at Haesung Apparel's Marketing Team.
This is amazing.
As soon as she said it, it just happened.
Seo Hyun.
I got a call that I became a regular employee...
for the Marketing Team.
Is that so?
Aren't you going to congratulate me?
Why would you want to be congratulated...
when you're hired at your family's company?
You still can't believe who you really are, right?
You're not the vice president or such.
You're just an employee. Don't be flattered.
You're embarrassing me.
Drive safe. I'm not in a good mood.
Yes, ma'am.
What was that?
I just thought you'd need some air.
That's weird. How did you know how I feel?
A new nail drives out the old one.
Choi Seo Hyun.
Why didn't you answer when we asked you...
if you'd go on a senior trip?
Because I won't go.
Then you should've told us...
that you wouldn't go. Did you not read the notice?
If I didn't say anything, it means I wouldn't go.
You know I don't go to such places.
All right.
Why do you never attend school events?
I just don't want to.
I just asked you why.
Do I have to tell you why?
That's rude.
Rude?
Hey. You're the one who's rude. You're ignoring us.
I'm not ignoring you. That's just my character.
You just want to show off your background.
You ignored the notice in our chat room.
Then why would you hold the recital with us?
Why would you attend the chamber music class?
Why don't you just play as a solo?
You're the only daughter of Haesung Corporation.
Now that the professors try to please you,
you may expect us to pay our court to you.
But we'll make a new chat room without you.
When we'd rehearse for the graduation recital...
and when we'd have the chamber music class.
You'll have to come to ask me that.
You haven't said anything until now, but why...
Because I want to.
Okay, I'll do that.
What?
Actually, I don't even check the chat room.
I even turned off the alarm.
You don't check the chat room?
I have someone to keep me updated. Didn't you know?
How do you call yourself a student representative?
Hey, what did you just say?
If you hit me,
you'll be kicked out of school.
Do you want to drop out of college?
You've tried to please me for the past four years.
It's just mean to bully me right before you graduate.
And you should be careful about whom you bully.
If you got that, get lost.
I'll carry it.
- Gosh. - Choi Seo Hyun!
I'll be back after lunch.
But why would she go to Namdaemun?
Your sister really is something.
She makes you to even visit Namdaemun.
I even signed an oath to keep the secret.
I don't want to blow all my money for that.
Then why does she eat ramyeon and spicy foods...
when she knows it's not good for her health?
Because it's delicious.
Would you give up health for taste?
She just can't control herself.
I still have a long way to teach her things. Gosh.
Hey, move aside!
This looks totally inappropriate.
Oh, you're here early.
I always arrive five minutes earlier.
Didn't you learn that from Ms. Yang?
But this is five minutes before our schedule.
But you came running.
No matter whom you meet with,
you have to be punctual.
Especially when it is for business.
Okay.
By the way,
this place is so crowded, dusty, and noisy.
What do you want to eat here?
There are various foods at the Namdaemun Market.
There are a lot of delicious things.
Come this way.
What do you think you're doing?
The main dish is not served yet.
Do you care about that in a restaurant like this?
It doesn't matter where you eat.
Wherever you are, you are just who you are.
Keep your dignity.
Here's the hairtail.
Seriously.
What?
I'll wait until you pick up your spoon.
I won't eat, so go ahead.
You won't eat? It's tasty.
No thanks.
I ordered two portions because we have to.
It's really good.
I said no thanks. I'm just here for you.
So eat up.
If that's the case, I'll eat then.
Ma'am, can I have another bowl of...
Are you going to eat that?
I will never.
Then I'll eat it.
I am amazed.
Oh, thank you.
I feel so much better.
I don't think you'll last the night.
- What? - You ate two portions...
in just 12 minutes.
That's not the stomach of a human being.
Let's get you some antacids.
We're supposed to...
send these off today.
I didn't know the paint was there.
Mr. Sun Woo.
They won't be able to tell if we...
grind it off with a sander.
We won't sand anything off.
You try sanding it off as best as you can.
It won't look or feel the same.
We need to cut more wood.
Get the cutter.
You punk.
Did he have to hit the back of my head?
- You got lucky. - What?
If he hadn't gotten to you first,
I'd have hit you with a piece of wood.
Move it.
Okay.
Mr. Sun Woo.
Why aren't you calling...
the person who ordered that chair?
We'll send it by express today.
Call to apologize for the delay.
Yes, sir.
Inside your bag,
you'll find an envelope of money.
If you're really my friend,
then give me some time.
I'll tell you everything soon.
She must've seen it.
Why hasn't she called me yet?
I'm worried now.
I wanted to be cool and wait.
The number you dialed does not exist.
Ji An.
Aren't you hungry?
I am.
Haven't you eaten at a place like this?
Why would I come here to eat?
The food's really good. Really.
There are so many better, tastier,
cleaner, and nicer restaurants...
that only use organic ingredients.
I shouldn't have brought you here...
if you weren't going to eat.
No. It's my favor for keeping our secret...
about the 20,000 dollars.
I'll deal with it willingly.
Where are we?
That way. Our car is over there.
Are you okay?
What?
Where is my necklace?
What? That necklace cost a fortune. Gosh.
Thief! Get him!
Get him for me!
Stop!
Eun Seok!
Watch where you're going!
Gosh, what am I doing?
Brother!
I'm over here.
That way.
What?
How'd you get here already?
I took a shortcut.
This is my neighborhood.
Right.
- What are you doing? - What?
- Get out of my way. - What?
Hey.
I got him. I got him.
What the...
Come on, let's go.
No, the necklace!
Hey. Really?
Hey!
Let's go.
Wait, the necklace.
Hurry, hurry.
Hurry up. This way.
Have you lost your mind?
You went after a man with a knife.
What for?
What? Will you die without that necklace?
It was a gift from you.
And you said that it's expensive.
Even if it is so,
you can always get another necklace,
but you only have one life.
And so do I.
I almost died trying to save you.
He recognized its value...
and would do anything for it.
What a scumbag. He broke the chain.
We should've taken him to the police.
Do you think they got him?
Gosh, I don't care.
Do you think he's looking for us?
He can't be.
- Oh, no. - What? What is it?
My goodness. What was that for?
Do you get startled like that too?
How dare you tease me?
You've been calling me brother.
What?
Well...
What else would I call you?
Let's go.
I took too long a lunch break...
because of my cheeky little sister.
Stop mixing soju with beer.
Are you trying to kill him before marriage?
Jin Seok loves soju and beer.
Let him drink all he wants before his wedding.
I signed an oath not to drink anymore.
Seriously?
You idiot.
Leave it.
He chased his fiancee for three years...
until she gave in.
Ji Tae, why don't you get married?
It's serious if you dated for four years.
We broke up.
What?
- Why? - Why?
Why else?
It was about time to do so.
You look a bit too normal.
You said you'd break up only if someone...
fell out of love.
Who was it?
It was Soo A.
Only I was against marriage.
Soo A...
She should get married.
She's my age.
Forget about your pride, and get her back.
My pride?
I know your situation and future outlook,
but you've never liked anyone as much...
or dated anyone as long as you did her.
Get her back, or you'll regret it.
What for?
So we can live in a tiny leased room?
We'll work for a few years...
just to barely afford a place.
If we have a kid, it all stops there.
The best we can do is...
a two-room apartment lease in Seoul.
That's how we all do it.
- That's life. - You're right.
Hey, when you got married at 27,
your parents bought you an apartment in Gangnam.
Hey.
You send your son to an English kindergarten.
It costs 1,200 dollars a month.
You've been sending your kid and wife...
to Canada twice a year since he was three.
Come on, Ji Tae. He was born rich.
Don't compare yourself to him.
Let's talk about you, then.
Your parents paid half the lease for your house.
And you save up most of your salary, don't you?
At least you don't have any debts.
I'm still paying off our house lease debts,
and it's still not over.
I apologize.
I wanted to say Soo A's a catch.
My future kid...
will probably study at home...
or a local cram school.
What if one of my parents were to fall ill?
Why would I ask a woman to share that burden?
To a woman I love?
No. I don't want to live like that.
A fool like me getting married and having kids?
It's unfair to the kid.
Your hair's short,
so there's not much I can do.
Then perm it.
Really curly. Like a middle-aged woman.
Curly like a middle-aged woman?
I just want to look as different as possible.
Different?
I have a dream
Think about a future where
I'll give you a great life
We have nothing to lose
Bet your life on me
There's no need to see fortune-tellers
Just look at him sing.
He was lead vocalist in his school band.
But why did he major in public administration?
He's the eldest, and singing was just a hobby.
It's not like that.
He was going to transfer and study music.
Then his dad's business failed and...
- Really? - It was a secret.
I didn't hear anything.
I didn't say anything. Nothing happened.
Gosh, that poor guy. Seriously.
Ji Tae!
- Ji Tae. - Ji Tae!
I actually feel pleased
I'll hold it in until then
For my dream
Excuse me.
I'm really sorry to disturb you.
First, let me introduce myself.
I saw you at the salon earlier.
I got a perm too.
That was four hours ago.
I then met with a client.
I was leaving after dinner and saw you again.
So what do you want?
You left the salon looking very different...
from when you came in.
Then you didn't fall for my makeup.
I liked you both before and after the makeup.
Then I happened to see you again.
It's like meeting you for the third time.
You know that...
I will not turn you down, right?
Unless this is a fake.
It's not a fake.
I can't believe I got so lucky.
Me, meeting a lawyer?
In a luxury car...
who's tall, dresses well, and is handsome.
I'm wondering if this is a dream.
I'm heading to a friend's opening party.
Will you join me?
You can confirm there who I really am.
Not today. If you don't mind, I'll call tomorrow.
Sure, then.
I'd have preferred it be today,
but as long as you call, I'll be fine with that.
Goodbye.
Please call me.
What if
We had been
A little younger?
What would it have been like then?
What if
We just go ahead like this?
Will we have any regrets?
Our relationship has been
Controlled by time
Even if we are not allowed any more time
What if
We had been
A little younger?
What if
We just go ahead like this?
The number you have dialed is not available...
Why isn't he picking up? Goodness.
Get out.
Why'd you have so much to drink?
- Get going. - Gosh.
Ji Tae. Ji Tae.
Wake up.
You fool.
Hey, get up.
Come on. Ji Tae.
Walk, will you?
Hey, Ji Ho, Ji Ho.
Help your brother.
What happened?
He stinks of alcohol.
My goodness.
Dad, are you okay?
Yes, I'm fine.
I think he broke up with his girlfriend.
Don't tell him that you know.
He didn't even tell me he was seeing someone.
Help him change.
And don't tell him that I brought him home.
Okay.
What time did you come home, Ji Tae?
Quite late.
You still reek of alcohol.
A close colleague quit, so we went drinking.
Have some hangover soup. It's dried pollack soup.
Okay.
Do what you did before.
It's Haesung Apparel, but the work's the same.
Okay.
Watch what you say.
I will.
I'll drop her off near the company.
Don't. It'll be in vain...
if you're spotted.
I'll take a taxi.
Just for two weeks.
I'll get you a car if I can.
It's fine. I took buses and the subway until now.
Eun Seok.
Okay, then.
Then I'll be off to work.
What if your bosses tell you to wipe their bottoms?
- Would you do it? - I'll do it...
if that makes me a regular employee.
Besides, what do you mean by "us"?
We all have temp jobs here.
We can't be a group. That's how we'll survive.
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
We promised to transfer...
a few contract workers to regular employees, right?
I think we got penalized for not doing so.
Then will one of the contract workers...
rejoin our team?
Isn't it obvious?
I don't know.
One of them might come back.
Or we might end up with another seat to fill.
Whoever joins will be below me.
Then am I no longer the rookie?
If a contract worker were to come back...
What if it's Seo Ji An?
It's not her.
She changed her number and disappeared.
She probably went somewhere else.
Good morning.
- Hello, sir. - Hello.
How did the funeral go?
Right. Thank you all for coming to the funeral.
Sir, I heard about a new regular employee.
Who is it?
A new regular employee?
Actually, each department...
Hello.
I'm newly appointed to Haesung Apparel...
Marketing Team.
My name is Seo Ji An.
Nice to meet you.